Mike talk in here after the win a pony
field against Canada how does it feel to
beat canada and get away in this summer
that's great it's great to finish the
tour with the win it's great to be
counted it's been a while and you know
it's a heavyweight slugfest out there
and we held on obviously at the end
there you went down to 14 men lovallo
with the red card and managed to keep
Roy Buchanan off the board yeah it was a
struggle they were going side to side
guys been a lot of tackles I know a lot
of them are dead on their feet so
valiant effort to you know well deserved
win canada had a few tries there at the
end of the first half would you say the
boys in the locker room well we were
pretty disappointed you know it was
emotional but you'll calm down sauce it
just tell them we got to keep our heads
11 try at a time to come back don't try
to do everything at once you got the all
blacks on the horizon now looking
forward to that yeah I want to enjoy
this one for a while and then we'll get
into that once you're with the men's
egos 73 this year to beat canada first
time in a while too does it feel like a
monkey off your back to do it again you
know uh realistically I just like beaten
Canada you know I played against a few
other guys while I was at Cal playing
UBC so there's nothing better than
beating those guys it's kind of like
fighting on the brother you know we're
so close with them rugby's been around
for about the same amount of time and
the state's ain't in Canada so you know
every time we come out it's going to be
a slugfest we want to get the better of
the border and you know it's something
we pulled out today
you yourself had a few good runs in the
first half there but Eagles fell behind
in the first half where'd you guys stay
in the locker room to come back out a
signal I mean it was just kind of we had
a man up because it's something we had
to do something we knew that we could do
we thought we dominated them in a few
facets of the game so I think we'd back
yourself on that and the recipe was just
come then you had a teammate and brett
thompson make his first appearance today
and score a try as well yeah before him
yeah it's awesome you know I've known
Brett for a while now and to be able to
see him score like that and his debut
and his first cap something everyone
dreams to do is score in their first cat
brett thompson making your test debut
today for the Eagles to score a try to
winning effort how's it feel awesome
experience you know I've been stuck in
74 last few years and I love that but
you know 15 is like fall in love with
and to come out here first game beat
canada squirt riken ice or anything baby
it's been an interesting experience to
me you know from not making the 28 to
being called up for japan game sitting
on the bench and then starting you know
it's I've seen all sides of this team
and I'm 100-percent honored to be a part
of it and proud of every single one of
the guys in the team
indescribable you know you want to go
out against any opponent and not really
treat any opponent differently but you
know it's just candidates the rival it's
always going to be different it's
awesome
matches over
he goes every point